Add Twilio and Sendgrid providers (#1)
kuzzleio/kuzzle-plugin-hermes-messenger: doc/1/guides/overview/index.md

order: 100
---

# Hermes Messenger

> This plugin allows to send various types of messages (SMS, email) using external providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows you to send various types of messages (SMS, email) using external providers.
```
or
```suggestion
This plugin gives the application the ability to send various types of messages (SMS, email) using external providers.
```

Available providers SMS providers:
  - Twilio

Available email providers:
  - Sendgrid

## Accounts Management

> It's possible to register differents accounts for each providers. Then API actions used to send messages can be used with different accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to register differents accounts for each provider. Then API actions used to send messages can be used with different accounts.
```
